what really resonates on watching algiers is its message about the widespread loss of civilian life and the staggering destruction to civic infrastructure as the heaviest costs of war
few movies have done such an eloquent, evenhanded job of defining the conflict between colonialists and natives determined to free themselves from foreign rule.
the director's real achievement is not in making a piece of agitprop but in using these fundamental tools of cinema in such an extraordinarily affecting way.
what lessons a modern viewer can gain from the film depends on who is watching and what they want to see.
this film has received a lot of praise from critics, but not that many people will find this that entertaining.
remains a signficant achievement, a testament to film's powers to put you in the middle of a historical event and make it feel real.
it remains a surprisingly instructive and cautionary lesson in the way that populist movements can burn parent states down to their grass roots.
vital and disquieting, this is a powerful depiction of the pity of war. as shocking today as it was on the day of its release.
little more than stock characters acting out a generic drama of sin and redemption against a lascivious backdrop that is far more interesting than the story it serves.
mr. christopher's movie at times looks like a parody of the era, at other times like a celebration of a period haplessly gone by.
hugely entertaining, remake that's obviously been made with a healthy love of the original film and succeeds thanks to a faithful script, terrific dance sequences and strong performances from its cast.
wormald and hough are both handsome and good on the dance floor, but they come across more like teen stars in training than representations of real youth angst.
brewer adds a gritty texture and shows ingenuity in the ways he inserts tunes from the original. but the basic material is at best a guilty pleasure.
the most important thing this version has in common with the original is that the talking parts are too long and the dancing parts are too short.
as in most movies of this ilk, the drama is stuff you sit through to get to the good parts, which are the zippy music and athletic dancing. and they are very good.
<movie> 2011 is harmless as far as it goes, but on the dance floor and off it never goes nearly far enough.
it's a vibrant youth musical that will appeal to audiences who haven't seen the 1984 original. and it has enough charm and life to it to compete with the memory of the earlier version.
brewer has a firm command of the material and a great sense of how to film dance sequences. can't wait to see what this filmmaker does next.
every now and then, we need to be reminded that shaking your booty is something essential. or, in the case of director craig brewer's <movie> update, shaking your rebooty.
fema can take a day off because <movie> is one remake that won't be called a natural disaster, in fact, it's one hell of a good film.
i'm sure there was some great choreography and some great dancing that went into this movie. you don't see any of it.
i can easily imagine this <movie> being looked back on down the road as the film that launched these names much like how the'84 film is reflected on in terms of bacon.
it's unlikely that brewer's <movie> will persuade many remake skeptics but the film does deliver surprisingly enjoyable character drama and exciting choreography.
i'm sure there are plenty of people who will say that the original version was so much better than this one and they may be right, but i'm certainly in no hurry to prove it.
<movie> is completely harmless, and quite enjoyable at times. like any good pop song, it's got a beat, and you can dance to it.
brewer makes good use of the songs from the 1984 film that work, and while the film is too long, dragging out the drama, it's got a real pulse.
barely fresh considering director craig brewer essentially made a carbon copy of the original film just with less chemistry and a leading actor who sounded like mark whalberg!
<movie> is a fun, energetic and sexy remake which successfully remixes its cult classic predecessor to make for an entertaining time at the flicks.
will win you over with its refreshingly fun take on a beloved'80s classic as it showcases some fine new talent.
<movie> is a solid dance film that should find a new, appreciative audience with a younger generation that doesn't hold the'84 film in as high esteem as audiences over 40.
