fresh food , high quality food , delicious and mediterranean.. what more can one ask for . i loved eating here and i really enjoyed the food here . it 's one of those places that once you eat there you want to keep coming back , and you will . prices are good . if you want to customize your order they 'll do it for you . awesome place .
the food is great here . it can be a little expensive , but that does n't take away from the good quality food . portion sizes are a average in size , but the taste is what you come here for , not for massive plates of food .
mexican food that reminds me of what my mom used to make . it is fresh and high quality but simple and not overly complicated . the chicken is by far their specialty here and if you stop by i recommend trying it . the price is very cheap here but one down side is they only accept cash .
this is an ok breakfast joint . the food is kind of bland for the hefty price you have to pay . i had the dolly breakfast sandwich and i feel like it lacked flavor . the staff could be more attentive . we waited several minutes before we were even addressed . its a decent place , but overall , i 'm not a fan .
this place has a nice buffet , which in itself is a compliment and a negative . their actual food they bring you is n't as good as the buffet in general , and they charge you by weight at the salad bar which is something you would n't really expect . it can come out expensive . their coffee is decent though and the workers are friendly , and it 's also pretty clean .
this place has delicious cakes , and various other desserts . they are willing to work with you on what you want and what your budget is . you can go in for tastings and they will explain all of their cake and filling options , so you 're aware of all your choices . the staff are friendly , very good at communicating , and deliver in a timely manner .
if you 're in vegas and want to head off the strip for some great food rosemary 's is a great place to check out . some of the decor is a little dated but do n't let that deter you . the food that they make is amazing , and has a lot of the home made flavor that you are looking for . their menu also is great , there is something that everyone in your group will love . i highly recommend stopping by here the next time you 're looking for some great food !
these guys did a great job and i 'm very thankful . they were punctual and did n't keep me waiting at all . they were friendly and talked to me to explain everything i wanted to know . the reviews do these guys justice and i 'm glad i found them . i will be referring them , as well as hiring them again in the future . i recommend !
this place has large portions , you could split most of them into two meals if you wanted . the prices are great considering the portions . they have plenty of fresh ingredients to choose from so you can change up your order easily . the staff are friendly and they provide quick service .
this place is delicious . its a great place to go when you get off your flight , or if you are waiting for your plane to come . it has delectable breakfast food . it has everything you could want , such as eggs , bacon , waffles , and more ! i definitely recommend coming here for a big breakfast .
fun place to visit the place was very large . it had a large aquarium and the fishing demonstration was top notch . the bass pro also had some really fun and unique games as well to try . great place !
this is a good place to come if you are looking to build your own custom bowl of food and know exactly what you want . it can be a little bit daunting when you are looking at all the options , but the staff is attentive and available to help you pick out your entrees . i would say that the food always winds up coming out fresh and the prices are very reasonable . if you 're in the mood for some good food quick check out this spot !
i 've been to a lot of targets in my life , and i must say , this is one of the better ones . the store is clean and everything is easy to find . what makes this location great though is the staff actually cares . they are actually friendly and interested in making experiences good . i thought customer service was gone , but not here .
this is a decent restaurant . they serve both breakfast and lunch . i had the nicoise salad . it was ok. nothing really impressive . i wish the place was bigger . the staff was very attentive . good place to eat , but nothing outstanding .
everything about this restaurant is great . the staff , the atmosphere and of course the food are all top notch . this is the type of experience that you expect when you go to place like this . they have such a wide variety that everyone in your party will be pleased with the options . some nights they have specials which cut the cost down significantly .
this newly opened spa is great ! they offer gel manicures as well as acrylics , and they have lots of colors to choose from . the staff are professional , kind , and talented . they are willing to offer advice if you 're unsure what you want , and they do beautiful work .
the service and boba here is fantastic . everything that they make comes out fresh and the boba here is also perfect with just the right amount of chewiness . you can always determine how sweet you want your boba here , and i have generally found that their teas are a bit lighter on the stomach than the normal milk tea . the next time you are in the mood for some boba this is a place you should definitely check out !
if you are looking for some of the best bar b que in the pittsburgh area this place is the place to check out . the brisket and pork here is amazing and always comes out cooked to perfection . the staff is extremely friendly as well , it has a lot of the southern hospitality up here in the north . the staff is always accommodating to new people as well and will go out of their way to make sure that you will get an entree that you will truly enjoy !
they have great breakfast here . lunch is pretty good too but not as good as the breakfast . did n't expect much while deciding to enter on a whim , but pleasantly surprised one we were inside and seated . you have to try the pancakes , they are also a winner , and the hash as well . there 's a lot to offer here so we 'll be back for sure .
the dining room here is a bit small , but it lends to it having a comfortable and cozy atmosphere . i have really enjoyed all the entrees that i have tried here . the breakfast food is fantastic , and the staff is very helpful . sometimes there is a bit of a wait , but if you make it in at the right times then it is not too bad . definitely give it a shot the next time you are looking for some good breakfast foods !
not the best experience here . seems like the staff are a mess and have no idea what they are doing , including the cooks . food can be overcooked , under-cooked or just plain wrong . waitress seems to be oblivious to what 's going on around her . maybe it was just a bad day , i do n't know , but it can be really inconsistent .
food is overall pretty good , but it 's inconsistent . i do n't like that sometimes it 's good and sometimes its not . probably the quality of chefs is not the same . the service does make up for the sometimes inconsistency in food quality though . their burgers are pretty good though . other food , hit and miss .
the staff here is very friendly and accommodating . they make sure to keep everything clean , which can sometimes be a challenge when you 're working in an airport and have so many people coming through . the coffee and sandwiches always wind up being delicious too !
a lot of regulars come here which makes it a bit awkward for new people because you feel like you 're intruding somewhat . music is kind of loud and the bathrooms , wow , pretty outdated and nasty . i do n't think they are cleaned much . nothing special about this place , and staff can be rude if you 're not a `` regular `` . so so bar too .
i had heard a lot about this place before and so now that i was finally back in vegas i decided to check it out . they know how to do sandwiches right and i would say this is probably the best philly cheese steak that you can get on this side of the country . the place has bar like seating so it 's a very casual experience but still an enjoyable one .
good pho here . tastes authentic and pretty close to other places . service is kind of lackluster though , but the food is good . the problem though is that this place can be a bit up and down on consistency and you 're never going to get anything exactly the same . so some days you may like it and others you may not .
without a doubt the worst service i have had from a restaurant in a long time . the staff was rude and did n't listen to my requests . the food was horrible and left me feeling sick . this is not a place that i will go back to any time soon .
this place is great , i have nothing but good things to say . the dresses i ordered needed some hemming and i was recommended this place . the price was much lower than what i expected , and the job they did was fantastic . the best part was the time it took them . they were much faster than i had expected them to be !
the staff are sometimes in a rush and therefore are not always careful - cutting cuticles too short and not providing a very relaxing experience . language barrier can make communication slightly difficult . they offer manicures , pedicures and waxing but do not offer acrylics or fake nails . overall the place is clean and has decent prices .
this is one of those places that tries so hard to be an edgy `` dive `` bar but fails on all levels . the hostess was horrible at her job and the wait staff were n't much better . the food is terrible and the free drink was more like a half drink . the manager seemed more interested is saving seats for friends than helping the customers . the food arrived cold and had serious `` after `` effects that i wo n't describe . bottom line , spend your money somewhere , anywhere else .
