this is a great place to get your car washed. the staff is very friendly and helpful. they give you a lot of information about the products they offer. they also give you free vacuums to use while you wait for your car to be washed. it 's a good place to go if you need a quick car wash. i would recommend this place to anyone looking for a quick wash.
i love this place. i have been coming here for years and have never had a bad experience. the staff is very friendly and the prices are very reasonable. they have a wide variety of colors to choose from and they do a great job on my nails and toes. i would recommend this place to anyone looking for a great place to get your nails done.
i love this place. it 's my favorite mexican restaurant in the area. the food is great and the service is great. the staff is very friendly and helpful. the atmosphere is great too. the only thing is that it is a little pricey for what you get. i would recommend the fiesta platter. it is huge and you get a lot of food for the price you pay. the chips and salsa are delicious.
i love this place. it 's a great place to hang out with friends and have a good time. the staff is friendly and the drinks are cheap. the only thing that keeps me coming back is that it is a little far from where i live but it is worth the drive to get there. i 've been coming here for years and will continue to come back.
i love this place. the food is amazing and the service is even better. it 's a hidden gem in las vegas. i 've been coming here for years and have never had a bad meal. the only thing is that it is a little pricey for what you get but it is well worth it. i highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for authentic mexican food.
this is a great place to take the kids to see the sharks and sting rays. it 's a little pricey but it is worth it. we went on a sunday afternoon and it was n't too busy. we were able to get a spot in the shark tank and the sting ray exhibit. we also got to pet the sting rays and the jellyfish. it was a lot of fun and the staff was very friendly and helpful.
i have been going to this clinic for over a year and a half now. the staff is very friendly and professional. the office is very clean and organized. the doctor is very knowledgeable and thorough. he is very thorough in explaining what he is doing and how he is going to do it. i would highly recommend this clinic to anyone who is looking for a great doctor and great service.
this is a great place to stay if you want to get away from the hustle and bustle of the strip. we stayed here for a few days and had a great time. the rooms were clean and the staff was friendly and helpful. the only downside is that it 's a bit of a drive from the strip but it was well worth it. there are plenty of places to eat and drink in the area and there is plenty of
this is the best shawarma place in the city. the food is amazing and the service is great. the owner is very friendly and helpful. i highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a great shawarmas. the prices are very reasonable and the portions are huge.
this is my favorite macy 's in the valley. it 's the only one that has everything that i need and more. the staff is always friendly and helpful and the store is always clean and organized. the only thing that could be improved is the parking situation. it can be a bit of a pain to get in and out of the parking lot but it is worth it. i will definitely be back to this location.
this place is amazing. the food is amazing and the service is even better. the staff is very friendly and helpful. i would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a healthy and delicious meal. i will definitely be coming back here again.
i 've been here a few times and it 's a great place to hang out with friends. the food is good and the service is good. the only thing is that they do n't have a good selection of beer on tap. they do have a few beers on tap that are good but not great. they also have a lot of tvs to watch sports on. it is a good place to go if you want to watch
i love this place. the food is great and the service is great. the only thing is that it 's a little pricey for what you get. the burritos are huge and the portions are huge. but the price is worth it. i 'll be back for sure.
i had a great experience with these guys. they showed up on time and did a great job. they were very professional and courteous. they did n't try to up - sell me on anything or try to sell me anything that was n't needed. they gave me a fair price for the work that was done. i would recommend them to anyone who is looking for a moving company that is honest and trustworthy.
this is the best deep dish pizza in toronto. i 've been here a few times and it 's always been amazing. the only thing is that it is a bit pricey for the amount of food that you get. but it is worth it for the quality of the food and the service that you receive. i would definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants to try something new and delicious.
i love this place. it 's a small family owned cafe. the food is delicious and the owner is very friendly. the gyros are the best i 've had in a long time. the hummus is amazing and the pita chips are to die for. the only thing that could be better would be if they had a dog friendly patio. they do n't.
this is my favorite restaurant in toronto. the food is great and the service is excellent. the only thing is that it 's a bit pricey for what you get. i would recommend the quattro stagioni. it is the best italian food i have ever had. i will definitely come back again.
i love this place. it 's a great place to go for a quick bite to eat. the food is great and the service is great. the only thing is that it is a little pricey for what you get. but it is worth it. the sandwiches are huge and the prices are very reasonable. i would recommend this place to anyone looking for a good sandwich.
this place is amazing. the food is amazing and the service is even better. the staff is very friendly and helpful. we will be back again and again. i highly recommend this place to anyone looking for great food and great service. i had the catfish and it was delicious. my husband had the shrimp and grits and he said it was the best he 's ever had. we also had the hush puppies and they were delicious
this place is amazing. the food is amazing and the service is even better. we will definitely be back. we had the chicken marsala and the chicken parmigiana. both were delicious. we also had the tiramisu. the tiramasu was delicious. the only thing i did n't like was that it was a little pricey for the amount of food you get. but it 's worth it.
i had a great experience at this dealership. i came in for a trade in of my honda civic. they were able to get me a great deal on the trade in. they also gave me a good deal on my new car. i would definitely recommend this dealership to anyone who is looking for a new or used car. the staff was very friendly and helpful. i will definitely be coming back to this dealership again.
i love this place. the food is great and the service is great. the only thing is that it 's a bit pricey for what you get. i had the chicken tikka masala and my husband had the lamb curry. both were delicious. we will definitely be back again.
i love this place. it 's my go - to spot when i 'm in vegas. the food is delicious and the service is great. the only thing is that they do n't have a lot of options for vegetarians or vegans. they do have a few vegetarian options but they are not as good as the other options. the pork chop soup is my favorite. it has a good amount of meat in it and the
this is the best ramen i 've had in a long time. the broth is delicious and the noodles are cooked perfectly. the only thing is that it 's a little pricey for what you get. but it is worth it for the quality of the food. i will be back.
this is a great place to stay if you 're looking for a place to get away from the hustle and bustle of the strip. it 's clean and the staff is friendly and helpful. the rooms are spacious and the beds are comfy and comfy. the only thing that could be improved is the bathroom. the toilet was broken and the toilet paper dispenser was out of order. it was n't a big deal.
i love this place. the macarons are delicious and the service is great. the owner is very friendly and the place is very clean. it 's a great place to stop in for a quick bite to eat. i would definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants to try something new and delicious.
this was my first time doing a hot air balloon ride and it was a great experience. my wife and i had a great time. we were the only two people on the balloon and we were able to see a lot of the area. the pilot was very knowledgeable and explained the history of the balloon. he was very entertaining and made sure we had a good time. he also gave us some great tips on what to do when we landed.
i love this place. the food is amazing and the service is even better. the staff is very friendly and helpful. i have been coming here for years and have never had a bad experience. the only thing is that it 's a little pricey for what you get. but it is worth it for the quality of the food and service. i would recommend this place to anyone.
we had a great time here. the food was delicious and the service was excellent. we had a reservation for 6 pm on a saturday night and were seated right away. our server was very attentive to our needs and made sure we were taken care of. we will definitely be back to this place again.
this is the best burger place in the world. it 's a little pricey but worth it. the meat is delicious and the fries are amazing. the staff is friendly and the place is clean. the only thing is that it is a bit pricey for what you get. but it is worth it for the quality of the food.
i love this place. it 's my favorite place to go to when i 'm in the mood for some good kabobs. the owner is very friendly and the food is delicious. the prices are very reasonable and the portions are huge. the only thing is that they do n't have a lot of seating so if you 're looking for a place to sit down and enjoy your meal , this is not the place for you.
i love this place. it 's my go - to place for chinese food in the area. the food is always delicious and the service is great. the owners are very friendly and the food comes out fast and hot. i love the beef brisket noodle soup and the pork chop soup. the only downside is that it is a bit pricey for what you get. but it is worth it for the quality of the food.
i love this place. it 's my favorite mexican restaurant in arizona. the food is always good and the service is great. i have never had a bad meal here. the chips and salsa are great. the salsa is the best in the valley. the enchiladas are good too. the only thing is that it is a little pricey for what you get. but it is what it is.
i 've been here a few times now and it 's always been a great experience. the service is great and the food is great. the only thing is that it is a bit pricey for what you get. i 've never had a bad experience with the food or the service here. i would recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a great place to eat and a great time.
i love this place. the food is great and the service is great. the only thing that keeps me from giving it 5 stars is the price. it 's a little pricey for what you get and the portions are very small. but it is worth it for the quality of the food and the friendly service. i will be back.
i love this place. it 's my go - to dessert spot when i 'm in the mood for a sweet treat. they have a huge selection of pastries and sweets to choose from. they also have a great selection of gelato and ice cream. the only thing is that they do n't have a drive - thru so you have to wait in line to get in and out of there. the line can get pretty long though
this is my favorite city in the world. it 's the best place to visit if you 're in vegas. it has everything you want to do in a city and more. you can go to the strip and play slot machines and eat at the best buffets in the country. the food is amazing and the entertainment is amazing. the only thing that would make this place better is if it was n't so expensive. it is
i love this place. the food is great and the service is great. the only thing is that it 's a little pricey for what you get. i. e. $ 10 for a glass of wine and a sandwich is a bit much for me. but it is a great place to go if you 're in the area and want to try something new.
this is the best place in vegas to get your jewelry repaired. the owner is very friendly and helpful. he is very knowledgeable about the products he is selling and is willing to help you find the best deal for you. he also has a great selection of jewelry to choose from. the prices are very reasonable and the service is excellent. i would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a great place to get their jewelry fixed.
i love this place. it 's my favorite mexican restaurant in the city. the food is delicious and the service is great. the owner is very friendly and helpful. the atmosphere is very hipster and the decor is very cute. it is a great place to go for a date night or just a quick bite to eat. i highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a good meal.
this is a great place to go for a quick bite to eat. the food is great and the service is great. we will be back again and again. the only thing is that it 's a little pricey for what you get. we had the chicken enchiladas and the beef tacos. the chicken was good but the beef was a little dry. we also had the fried ice cream. the ice cream was very good. the
this is a great place to stop in for a beer and a bite to eat. they have a great selection of beers to choose from and the food is good too. the only downside is that it 's a little pricey for what you get. the beer is good but not worth the price. i would come back for the food.
this is a great place to go for a date night or a date with your significant other. the food is great and the atmosphere is great. the only thing is that it 's a bit pricey for what you get. we had a great time and will definitely be back again.
i love this place. it 's a great place to go for a quick bite to eat. the food is good and the service is great. the only thing is that it is a little pricey for what you get. i think it is worth it for the quality of the food and the variety of food you can choose from. i would recommend this place to anyone.
i have been going to allison for a few years now and have never been disappointed. she listens to what you want and does it exactly how you want it. she is very patient with you and listens to your needs. she has a great sense of humor and makes you feel very comfortable. the salon is very clean and the staff is very friendly and helpful. i would highly recommend allison to anyone looking for a great hair stylist.
this place is a great place to go for a quick bite to eat. the food is great and the service is great. we will definitely be back again. the only thing is that it 's a little pricey for what you get. we had the chicken teriyaki bowl and it was delicious. the chicken was tender and juicy and the sauce was amazing. we also had the sushi roll which was also very good. the service was great
we had a great time at the melting pot. the food was delicious and the service was great. we had a groupon for this place and it was worth every penny. we will definitely be going back again. it was our first time here and we were not disappointed. the staff was very friendly and helpful. they have a great selection of food to choose from and the prices are very reasonable. the only thing that could have been better was
this is a great place to go for a quick bite to eat and a drink. the food is delicious and the service is great. the owner is very friendly and helpful. we will definitely be coming back again and again. i highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a good meal and a good time.
i love this place. it 's my favorite sushi place in town. the food is great and the service is great. the only thing is that the prices are a little high for the quality of the food you get. the sushi is good but the price is a bit high for what it is. i do n't think i will be going back here again.
this is my favorite sushi place in the city. the food is delicious and the service is great. it 's a little pricey but worth it for the quality of the food. the miso soup is the best in town. the sushi is fresh and delicious. the only downside is that it is a bit pricey for the amount of food you get.
i love this place. it 's my go - to place for healthy food. the food is always fresh and delicious. the staff is always friendly and helpful. the place is always clean and the prices are very reasonable. the only thing is that they do n't have a drive - thru. so if you 're in a hurry you may have to wait a little longer than usual.
this is the best dealership i have ever been to in my life. from the moment i walked in the door to the time i left the dealership to the day i left it was a great experience. the staff is very friendly and helpful. they have a great selection of guns and ammo. they also have a nice selection of firearms and accessories. i would recommend this dealership to anyone who is looking for a new or used car.
this is the worst dunkin donuts i 've ever been to. the donuts were dry and the service was terrible. the lady who helped us was very rude and did n't seem to want to be there. she did not want to help us at all. we had to flag her down twice to get her attention. she was rude to us. we will not be going back to this location.
came here for the first time today and it was a great experience. the food was delicious and the service was excellent. i had the pork belly ramen and my friend had the beef ramen. the ramen was very tasty and the beef was tender and flavorful. the beef broth was a bit too salty for my taste but it was still delicious. i would definitely come back to try the other dishes on the menu.
this is the best place to get your tattoo done in vegas. colin is a great artist and a great person to work with. the shop is very clean and the staff is very friendly. i will definitely be coming back to this place again and again.
this is a great place to go for a quick bite to eat. the food is always fresh and delicious. the staff is always friendly and helpful. the only thing is that the prices are a bit high for what you get. i usually get a salad and a sandwich and it 's $ 6. 50. that 's a little pricey for what it is. but it is worth it for the quality of the food and the service.
this is a great place to go to if you 're looking for a great deal on clothes and accessories. the store is very clean and the staff is very friendly. the food court has a lot of options and the food is very good. i would recommend this place to anyone who is looking for great deals on clothes or accessories.
this is my favorite mexican restaurant in las vegas. the food is amazing and the service is great. the staff is friendly and helpful. the prices are very reasonable and the portions are huge. the only thing is that they do n't have a drive - thru. if you 're looking for a quick bite to eat this is not the place to go.
this is my favorite chinese restaurant in las vegas. the food is always fresh and delicious. the staff is always friendly and helpful. the prices are reasonable and the portions are generous. the only thing is that it 's a little pricey for what you get. i would recommend this place to anyone looking for good chinese food.
this is my favorite pho place in town. the food is always fresh and delicious. the staff is always friendly and helpful. it 's a great place to go if you 're looking for a quick bite to eat. i 've been coming here for years and have never had a bad experience.
the best steakhouse in toronto. the service is excellent and the food is excellent. the atmosphere is beautiful and the staff is very friendly. the only downside is that it 's a bit pricey for what you get. the steak is excellent but the price is a bit high for the quality of the food. the restaurant is very small and the service can be a bit slow.
i love this place. it 's my go - to place for chinese food. the food is always fresh and delicious. the portions are huge and the prices are very reasonable. the staff is always friendly and helpful. i have never had a bad experience here. i recommend this place to everyone.
i had a great experience at this spa. the staff was very friendly and helpful. the massage was amazing. i will definitely be going back again. the price was very reasonable and the service was excellent. i would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a great massage.
this is the best cupcake i 've ever had in my entire life. it 's a little pricey but it is worth it. i had the chocolate chip cookie and it was delicious. the frosting was a little too sweet for my taste but it was still delicious. i will definitely be coming back for more.
i love this place. the food is great and the service is great. i would recommend this place to anyone who loves good food and good service. it 's a great place to go if you 're in the mood for a good meal and a good time.
this is my favorite place to go for bubble tea. it 's a little pricey but it is worth it. the staff is very friendly and the place is very clean. i love the fact that they have a variety of flavors to choose from. the only thing is that they do n't have a lot of options for vegetarians or vegans. they do have a good selection of milk teas. i would recommend this place to anyone
this is the best place to get your car windows tinted. chris and his team are the best. they did a great job on my car. they were able to get me in and out in less than an hour. i would highly recommend them to anyone looking for a great price and great service. i will be using them again.
we had a great time at mgm. the food was great and the service was excellent. we had the shrimp and grits and the scallops. the shrimp were cooked perfectly and the grits were delicious. the only thing we did n't like was that they were a little too salty for our liking. we will be back for sure.
this is the best moroccan food i have ever had in my life. the food is delicious and the service is amazing. the owner is very friendly and welcoming. the restaurant is very clean and the decor is beautiful. the only downside is that it is a little pricey for what you get. but it is worth it.
i love this place. it 's my favorite donut shop in the valley. the donuts are delicious and the service is great. they have a wide variety of donuts to choose from. my favorite is the coconut cream filled donut. they also have a great selection of smoothies and bubble teas. the only thing is that they do n't have a drive - thru. if you 're looking for a place to stop
i love this place. it 's a great place to hang out with friends and have a beer or two. they have a great selection of beers to choose from and the staff is very friendly and helpful. they also have live music on the weekends which is a great addition to the vibe of the place. the only thing is that it is a little pricey for what you get. the beer is good and the music is good. i would
this is the best dispensary in las vegas. the staff is very knowledgeable and helpful. they have a wide variety of products to choose from and they are very knowledgeable about the products they sell. they also have the best prices in town. i will definitely be coming back to this dispensary.
this place is amazing. the food is amazing and the service is even better. i have been to many chinese restaurants and this is by far the best one. the decor is beautiful and the staff is very friendly and attentive. i would recommend this place to anyone who loves chinese food and is looking for a great experience.
this is the best place to get your iphone screen fixed. i had a cracked screen and they fixed it in less than an hour. the price was very reasonable and the service was great. i would recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a quick fix.
this is a great place to go if you are looking for a healthier alternative to fast food. the food is delicious and the portions are huge. the only thing that is a little disappointing is that they do n't have a lot of options for vegetarians or vegans. they do have a few options for those of us who are vegetarian or vegan. the staff is very friendly and helpful. i would recommend this place to anyone who wants to
i love this place. it 's a great place to go for lunch or dinner. the food is great and the service is great. the only thing is that it is a little pricey for what you get. the sandwiches are great and so is the salad bar. i would recommend this place to anyone who wants to try something new and delicious.
the food was good but the service was horrible. the waitress was rude and did n't want to serve us. she was very rude to us. we had to ask for water and she did not give us water. we asked for chips and salsa and she gave us chips and a drink. she also gave us the wrong order. we were told that we could not have the chips and we could n't have the salsa. she said that
i love this place. the food is great and the service is great. it 's a great place to go for a quick bite to eat. the staff is always friendly and helpful. they have a great selection of food to choose from and the prices are very reasonable. i will definitely be back.
this is my favorite sushi place in the city. the food is always fresh and the service is great. the owner is very friendly and helpful. the only thing is that it 's a little pricey for the quality of the food you get. i would recommend this place to anyone who is looking for good sushi.
i love this place. it 's a great place to grab a cup of coffee and a bite to eat. the staff is friendly and the coffee is great. the only thing is that they do n't have a lot of seating and it can be a bit of a drive for me to get there. but it is worth the drive.
this is a great place to go for a romantic dinner with your significant other. the food is great and the service is great. the only thing that could be improved is the ambiance. it 's a little too loud and the music is too loud for a date night or a romantic night out. it is a nice place to take a date or a group of friends.
i love this place. it 's a great place to grab a quick bite to eat. the pizza is great and the salads are great too. the only thing is that it is a little pricey for what you get. but it is worth it for the quality of the food.
i love this place. it 's my favorite restaurant in phoenix. the food is amazing and the service is even better. we have been coming here for years and have never had a bad experience. the staff is always friendly and helpful. the atmosphere is great and the drinks are amazing. the only thing that would make this place even better would be if they had more seating. the restaurant is always packed and there is always a wait.
we had a great time here. the food was great and the service was great. we had a groupon deal and it was a great deal. we will definitely be back. the only thing is that it 's a little pricey for what you get. we got the chicken parmigiana and the lasagna. both were great. the lasagne was a little dry and the chicken was a bit dryer than i would like.
i love this place. it 's my go - to place for ice cream and donuts. the staff is always friendly and the service is always fast and efficient. the only thing that could be improved is that they need to get their prices down a little bit. the prices are way too high for the quality of ice cream you get. i would recommend this place to anyone who loves ice cream or ice cream.
we had a great time here last night. the food was delicious and the service was excellent. we had the pizza and the pasta and both were delicious. we will definitely be back. the only thing that could have been better was that we did n't get to try the cheesecake. it was a little too sweet for my liking. the atmosphere was great and the staff was friendly.
i have been going to lash & sugar for over a year now and have never had a bad experience. the girls are very professional and know what they 're doing. i have never been disappointed with my lashes. i will definitely be coming back to this salon.
i 've been here a few times now and it 's always been a great experience. the food is always good and the service is great. the staff is always friendly and helpful. i 've never had a bad experience here. the only thing is that it is a little pricey for what you get. but it is worth it for the quality of the food.
i love this place. it 's my favorite place to go to when i want to have a good time with my friends. the music is great and the dance floor is great. the drinks are good and the food is good. the only thing is that it is a little pricey for what it is. it is not a cheap place to hang out with friends and have a drink. but if you are looking for a place to have fun
i love this place. the food is great and the atmosphere is great. the staff is friendly and helpful. the only thing is that it 's a little pricey for what you get. i had the half rack of ribs and a side of fries. the ribs were good. the fries were a little dry and the sauce was a little too sweet for my taste. i would go back for the ribs.
i love this place. i 've been coming here for years. the food is always good and the service is great. it 's a great place to go if you 're in the mood for some good chinese food. the only thing is that they do n't have a lot of vegetarian options. the menu is limited to vegetarian options and the prices are a bit high for what you get. i would recommend this place to anyone
this is a great place to go for lunch or dinner. the food is good and the service is good. the only thing is that the prices are a bit high for the quality of the food you get. it 's a bit pricey for what you get and the portions are small for the price you pay. i would not recommend this place to anyone who is looking for good quality sushi.
this is a great place to grab a quick bite to eat. the sandwiches are great and the prices are very reasonable. the staff is very friendly and the place is very clean. the only thing is that they do n't accept credit or debit cards so you have to pay a fee to get in and out.
this is a great place to take the kids to play laser tag. it 's a lot of fun and the staff is very friendly and helpful. we went on a sunday afternoon and it was n't busy at all. the kids had a great time. we had a blast. we will definitely be back again.
i 've been going to this place for a few years now and have never had a bad experience. winnie is the best. she is very professional and knows what she 's doing. she always takes her time to make sure you 're happy with the results. she also has a great sense of humor and makes you feel like you are a valued customer. the place is very clean and the staff is very friendly and helpful. i
this is the best tattoo shop in las vegas. terry and his team are the best. they are very professional and know what they are doing. the shop is very clean and the staff is very friendly and helpful. i would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a great tattoo. i will be back for sure.
this is the worst piada i 've ever been to. the line was out the door when we arrived and it took over an hour and a half to get our food. the food was cold and tasted like it had been sitting out for a long time. the staff was rude and unhelpful. i will not be coming back to this location.
this is the best persian food i 've had in a long time. the food is delicious and the service is great. the owner is very friendly and helpful. i highly recommend this place to anyone looking for good food and great service. i will definitely be back.
i love this place. it 's a great place to go with a group of friends. the food is good and the drinks are great. the only thing is that the service can be a little slow at times. we went on a friday night and it was packed. we had to wait a while to get a table but it was well worth the wait. the service was great and the food was great. we will be back.
this is the best sushi place in the area. the food is great and the service is great. the sushi is fresh and delicious. the staff is very friendly and helpful. the restaurant is very clean and has a nice atmosphere. i would recommend this place to anyone who loves sushi.
