even this is the 2nd course, it is easy to follow. i love the results. i don't sell cakes but make them for friends and family. this is only a hobby so i don't make cakes everyday. i can pick this book up and follow the directions and get great results.
i bought this because i haven't found time to take the class and found it's pretty easy to follow along and teach yourself everything in the book. there is step by step instructions for different designs and ideas and lots of hints and tricks for working with fondant and gumpaste.
i am trying my best to get into fondant and this book has motivated me to try harder and harder. it has already paid for itself and has brought me back into the world of making family cakes as opposed to spending a ton at the bakery! thank you for a wonderful book!
good guide for beginners. helpful resource. clear pictures and instructions. if you can learn from just looking at a page on a book with a few written details, it will teach you without expensive classes. but if you are using in addition to the class, all good too. keep it handy to look back at once in a while as a resource.
i really like the wilton method courses. i do have some background in cake design, but this really helped me take it all to the next level. i still need lots of practice with flowers so this is perfect for me. i would have liked a few more tips and a bit more direction, but on the whole it was worth the money.
i already have one of these i had purchased a year ago on amazon, and, i absolutely love it. it does a great job chopping onions, pecans, tomatoes, cilantro, etc. i ordered this one for my daughter, and, she loves it. i use this mini a lot more than i use my food processor. the size works great, especially when baking! i highly recommend!
my original mini prep had a sharp blade, not a serrated blade. i got years of use out of it, and i wouldn't have replaced it but my husband mistakenly through the lid out in the trash. this one is only so so, and food gets caught in the teeth of the serrated blade
bought it for our second home where i try to keep stuff down to a minimum, but still needed something to make pestos. this works for that. tried to chop dates to make energy ball type things and got nowhere. good little machine for what it is, but it's not a food processor.
this is a great little chopper. i like that it does not have a long chute sticking up on the lid. it pulses nicely and chops up garlic and onions quickly. i also liked that it had 2 speeds and you could pulse. i bought it for its small size to put in my camper, but liked it so much it has a place in the house.
i replaced my kitchenaid mini chopper with the cuisinart because of the price and it was available in red. it's a nice little appliance and works well but it doesn't seem to be as sturdy as my former kitchenaid. my old chopper lasted for 12 years so hopefully this will give me at least a decade of service.
this product works great, if the unit kept in the freezer for long enough, the consistency of the ice cream gets very good. it's easy to clean as well. i bought an ice cream maker so i could use organic ingredients, and everything has turned out fantastic so far. i have no complaints.
this made ice cream fast, but not impressed with the recipe or how the ice cream froze on the sides of the bowl while making it. it was so hard it was the impossible to get out of the bowl. i'm going to try again but seriously thinking of sending it back.
i'm the author of lick it! creamy dreamy vegan ice creams your mouth will love and this is the ice cream maker that i use. it's easy to use, makes great ice cream, is fairly quiet. i've had it for about 5 years and have made a lot of ice cream with it and it's still going strong.
i have one of these and just love to make homemade ice cream in it rather than my ice and salt ice cream maker. i do have to say you really need to plan ahead as the bowl requires a long time to freeze. i should invest in a second bowl. that being said, i would buy this again.
i loved using this product at first and it made quality ice cream that was great for at home or social events. however, the paddle broke 2 months into it and i have been unable to use the ice cream maker since then. i wish the plastic paddle was a little more durable.
i have made sorbets and various full and low fat ice creams. it is easy to use if you follow the directions and easy to clean. it makes a product that is frozen but not hard. good consistency for eating right away. we store the frozen bowl in the freezer with the bottom side down, it seems to get things a little firmer this way.
gift recipient loved this product. i already had one and liked it very very much. it is easy to use and the product is great. the red choice made it an even more fun gift. i would suggest getting a second cylinder. keep them clean and wrapped in the freezer.
i bought this for my elderly mother and she loves it! it's working wonderfuly and making some fantastic ice cream. she can see it make the ice cream from the top. i'm sure it would be fun for kids to watch as well. no problems at all with it. everyone should have one of these.
all you need to know is that mine broke the first time i used it. the clear top didn't fit on the base and when i went to dismantle the inner arm it broke in my hands. it may have been defective. i don't know. but, i certainly wouldn't recommend it.
we've had a lot of fun and good eating from this machine. with a little tweaking of the recipes it turns out a really nice product. the ice cream produced is best if eaten fresh. after it has been in the freezer it becomes a bit too crystalline for my taste. so we eat it fresh. this may mean cutting recipes in half but still works fine.
this worked perfect the first three times. then it started not working and i realized because it is not forgiving. you must follow all instructions carefully. you must make sure the custard mixture is thick enough and that it is cooled properly and that the freezer bowl is properly frozen. it makes great ice cream when you follow the instructions carefully.
i had one for about 7 years and absolutely love them super high powered. these fans move massive amounts of air. the low setting is still very strong and kinda loud. but high is like sitting inside a wind tunnel. i have a standard box fan and this is 10x more powerful. i highly recommend them.
a great fan, light weight, easy to move and aim! i have especially appreciated this fan in our immediate 100 plus temps. we use a heat pump which looses effectiveness past the ground level. i place this fan over the top of the floor vent in the kitchen and it sucks up and sweeps the slower trickle of cooler air and spews it out quite well! love this fan!
this pressure cooker is great for getting all of the flavors out of chicken and the broth gets a lovely golden color. also good for stews. i know many people are afraid of using pressure cookers, but when you know the taste will be much richer, it's worth using, definitely. highly recommended.
i have only had this for a few weeks. i have cooked winter squash a couple of times and it worked great. i don't admit to being an expert on pressure cookers but this one seems to work very well. the handles came loose the first time i used it, so tightening them really good the second time seems to have done the trick.
it is a good pressure cooker. i only have one complaint. the handle seems to loosen after using it several times. i had another one, and it did the same thing. i just tighten it. presto is one of the best, but i think they should address the handle problem.
this order was a terrific bargain! the product is excellent. the results are good. i'm very pleased. i would recommend to prospective buyers that they ascertain their needs first. i should've gotten a 6qt size. unless you're apt to prepare fairly small meals the 4 qt is small. if you cook for one or two and don't make large meals this 4 qt is ideal.
this was purchased as a gift for my daughter. i have owned a presto pressure cooker for years, but mine is aluminum, but i purchased this one for her, because she really likes stainless steel cookware. hopefully she will enjoy hers as much as i do mine after many years of use. it makes the best beef stew ever.
some people have dinged this product because it is small. it is exactly as described, four quart. i wanted a smaller pot for making smaller batches. it works perfectly. i like the heavy gauge body. the seal feels very secure. the only thing that is a bit flimsy is the pressure regulator. i will see how it holds up.
i bought this as a replacement for my 40 year old pressure cooker. this one is stainless steel and has a heavy bottom to prevent sticking. it cooked a chicken in about 20 min. plus heat up and cool down time. it is very simple to use and also inexpensive. i would recommmend this product.
